hey how's it going Dave 2d here so razor
just announced a whole slew of new
products including a new phone and some
new laptops so their new phone is the
razor phone to the phone from last year
the razor phone one has a very similar
design to the new one but they've
changed quite a few things this year so
last year's razor phone had a super fast
120 Hertz display but the screen wasn't
very bright the razor phone too
increases that screen brightness by
about 50%
still 1440p still super smooth at 120
Hertz and this is something that's
difficult to showcase in my videos cuz I
shoot at 24 frames per second 120 Hertz
screen looks incredibly smooth and with
the improved brightness on this year's
screen it's gonna be one of the best
viewing experiences you can get on a
smart phone some other notable changes
it's a glass back this year so supports
wireless charging and the camera system
has been updated it's still a dual lens
system but with updated optics and
software the logo on the back of the
phone also supports Razer chroma which
for the unfamiliar is razor's RGB
lighting system you can use that light
for notifications or if you want you can
run some lighting effects on it point is
you have sixteen point eight million
colors to choose from so now you can
live that RGB life it's also ip67
water-resistant this year which is
something the original RAZR phone was
missing and the speakers have also been
upgraded so last year's Razer phone had
some of the best speakers on the market
and the Razer phone 2 is even better
this year they're louder they're cleaner
and it's very likely that the Razer
phone 2 is gonna have the smart phone
speaker crown again it's been updated to
Snapdragon 845 this year it's cooled
with a vapor chamber to keep thermals in
check when you're playing games still
has eight gigs of RAM still has a four
thousand milliamp hour battery but the
razor phone 2 is obviously more
optimized this year with a new SOC so
you're gonna get slightly better battery
life especially at 120 Hertz you just be
able to hit that 10-hour mark at the
higher refresh rate it's gone up in
price though so originally launched last
year at 700 bucks this year 800 it's
$100 increase I feel like last year's
razor phone was not that was like a
cheap phone but I felt like it was well
priced this year it feels like they're
trying to hit that more premium segment
because 800 bucks for a smart phone in
2018 is certainly not cheap the other
things that they announced are some
laptops the one that is most interesting
to me is this guy right here
this is a limited-edition mercury white
razor blade this is one of the best
looking laptops on the market to me it's
not a white laptop per se the keys are
white and they still have the Razer
chroma lighting on those keys which i
think looks nicer on white keys then on
black keys the metal chassis though
isn't painted or anything it's just a
very light silver but in this kind of
matte finish it has the texture that
gives with this really Pleasant look it
just reflects light a particular way the
top surface has the same thing going on
but instead of the green logo that we've
seen on the black razor blade this has a
much more muted vibe it's just like a
polished silver logo the ports are black
instead of the regular green and this
whole laptop looks so nice to me I mean
I've seen a lot of black laptops but
beyond that I'm just partial to white
Hardware I love white laptops and this
is actually one of the best looking
white laptops we've seen it wasn't done
this like cheap weight they could have
painted it they could have done like
some cheap process to make it look
silver and white but they didn't they
did this classic finish to it that looks
awesome now personally I think this
actually looks a lot like the old-school
MacBook Pros like that silver finish
from the 90s but I like it my only
concern is durability if I had this
mercury white version I'd probably skin
it with a marble or a white from D Brant
there's also a new base razor blade so
it comes in a much cheaper price with a
decent configuration still so for $1,600
you can now get into the razor blade
line now there's a third announcement
that they made which I thought was more
interesting to me than I think most
people so I made a video recently that
talked about razors after-sales support
and I found that their warranty period
was sometimes a little bit shorter than
the big names in the industry so people
like Corsair and Logitech just had two
year warranties on a lot of their
products but razor only had one year
warranty on some of their gaming
peripherals but they've an S they're not
doing a two-year warranty on all the
major gaming peripherals like headsets
keyboards mice all that stuff two-year
warranty that's the type of move that
makes your customers just appreciate you
that much more so huge kudos to Razer
for doing that I think that's that's a
smart move okay that's their new lineup
that's some of their new warranty
announcements that's basically it hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]